bye
i love it i think i'm going to stay here
I'm gonna get hangers in before you
still there yes because of what we call
a mama excuse with me she's with you
yeah you have your very own mother ought
to our infamous look at that hides me
and Peter overhears Hollywood he's
infamous I'm trying to get this I'm
gonna work my way up wow where's New
York Brooklyn yeah from Atlanta you're
from Atlanta and yet no where near New
York now did you meet you on the way
down and then you came here together
yeah we got here they're not Peter you
gotta take it it is with me good morning
ladies and gentlemen wherever you are
welcome to Hollywood on friends blue
Nora Alabama I am a triple threat
huh huh milk cows and chickens and pigs
all with one hand can I what channels is
going to be on oh my gosh all right what
is it submitted to the network tell that
you're gonna submit it on the network
shut up okay we're done do have a phone
number thanks Lee and you'll just hold
on i'll give you if you are interested
in my acting services please give me a
call or just
zing Montgomery 2434 give me a call I
got it on vibrate I'll here this is real
nice my mother's gonna be so proud oh
yeah
this was 30 years ago but I like to
remember her this way when she could
walk you're still so you got a
girlfriend back near New York landed it
is oh you wanted an infamous with every
still like personal quest oh come on i
don't mind when i get babies i'll answer
here's my girlfriend and she pretty come
on get a close-up on that looking for
her she came to town before me this is
my girlfriend her name is chlorine she
is this woman's car and she drove off
the end of the hollywood swimming pool
the community pullman we never saw her
again you see our place called Francis
home oh my god retrying 434 we miss her
no really what I felt like I had to do
that that's my house so if you see
chlorine you can send her back here this
is 74 pics Valhalla road you just send
her back there will be real happy to see
her again